Add import instructions to BA Oracle compat demo (#2274)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/06_demonstration_oracle_compatibility.mdx

better, more familiar or at least more widely-available equivalents provided natively by PostgreSQL (and many other databases). But by supporting them, EDB Advanced Server gives you the ability to reuse existing logic with minimal modification, allowing
you to focus your time and expertise on solving new problems.

## Try it on your own cluster: export and import

> If you'd like to try the examples above on your own BigAnimal cluster, you can follow the instructions below to import the example database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to try these examples on your own BigAnimal cluster, follow these instructions to import the example database.
```

1. [Connect to your EDB Postgres Advanced Server cluster as edb_admin](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/biganimal/latest/using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/) using psql.

2. Create a new database and role:

    ```sql
    CREATE DATABASE chinook;

>     \c chinook

Reviewer 2: This prompts for a password. It's the `edb_admin` password used when setting up a cluster, but since I'd just set up my account on EDB, I initially thought it was that password. Maybe separate this into it's own step so that we can clarify which password is needed? (Though I did feel dumb when I realized what the command was actually doing. It's more of the copy-and-paste while trying to get through the demo quickly that causes the problem, I think.)

I also wondered if it were "password" since that's the very next line and I pasted the whole thing at once.

Author: I'll split this into two and make a note about the password. Could help to provide an example of connecting in step #1

    CREATE USER demo WITH PASSWORD 'password';
    ALTER DEFAULT PRIVILEGES IN SCHEMA public GRANT SELECT ON TABLES TO demo;
    ```

>     ([Details on managing access in BigAnimal databases](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/biganimal/latest/using_cluster/01_postgres_access/))

Reviewer: I'd lose the parens and use sentences instead. Here I'd say, 
See  [Details on managing access in BigAnimal databases](https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/biganimal/latest/using_cluster/01_postgres_access/) for more infomation.

3. Quit psql (`\q`).

4. To export and import, you'll need compatible versions of pg_dump and pg_restore. If you aren't already running EDB Postgres Advanced Server, you can use the container image used by Big Animal to ensure compatibility.

    ```shell
    docker pull quay.io/enterprisedb/edb-postgres-advanced
    ```

5. Export the Chinook sample database using run pg_dump:

    ```shell
    docker run --rm quay.io/enterprisedb/edb-postgres-advanced:latest \
        pg_dump --format custom \

>         "postgres://demo:password@p-xj6qj8i1hx.qsbilba3hlgp1vqr.biganimal.io:5432/chinook?sslmode=require" \

Reviewer 2: It's a bit confusing that we're connecting to another cluster using the same username/password. I initially wondered if I was supposed to change the connection string to get it to work.

Author: maybe I can be more explicit about this; "export from EDB's cluster"?

        > chinook.dump
    ```

>     (if you're not using the Docker container, you can omit the first `docker run` line)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're not using the Docker container, you can omit the first `docker run` line.
```

6. Now grab the host name of your cluster from the Connect tab on the BigAnimal portal and use it in place of `<YOUR CLUSTER HOSTNAME>` to invoke pg_restore:
	
    ```shell
    docker run --rm -it -v "${PWD}:/tmp/dump" -w /tmp/dump quay.io/enterprisedb/edb-postgres-advanced:latest \
        pg_restore --no-owner \
        -d "postgres://edb_admin@<YOUR CLUSTER HOSTNAME>:5432/chinook?sslmode=require" \
        /tmp/dump/chinook.dump
    ```

>     (again, omit the first line if you're using locally-installed tools)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Again, omit the first line if you're using locally-installed tools.
```

    !!! Note 
        You may see an error about pg_stat_statements - you can safely ignore this error.
        pg_stat_statements is a very useful extension
        and is installed by default on BigAnimal clusters, but since we're connecting as
        the admin user and *not* a superuser, we can't modify it.
        The rest of the schema and data has been restored however.)
	
7. Finally, connect to this database:

    ```shell

>     psql -W "postgres://demo:password@<YOUR CLUSTER HOSTNAME>:5432/chinook?sslmode=require"

Reviewer 2: Do we need the `-W` option? We're already passing the password in the connection string.

Author: we do not!
